---
layout: post
title: "***** BLOG POST [0] — Site Launch *****"
date: 2017-12-31
---

Hi. If you've stumbled upon this page I'm happy to take you through my process of going from not knowing a single thing about programming to hopefully becoming a software engineer. I've edited this post a fair amount since I started cataloging my daily progress, and I've also gotten a surprising amount done in this first month, but I will the details for the first summary at the end of the month. In the meantime, I'll say a few more things about why this page exists.
<br>
<br>
Since I'm only—for now, at least—using this site to track my own progress, it is largely here to help me stay on track. However, if you're reading this, I will try to make it as presentable as possible so that you, dear person, can also learn and grow, or whatever. I also decided that it would be much more beneficial to do one month summaries. This seems to me to strike a balance between all the articles and listicles out there about '10 things I did to learn how to code in one year' and the ones where there's just daily incomprehensible nonsense on someone's personal blog. Since most of the daily posts will be incredibly boring to read, the monthly summary will be more detailed than the year long format, and it will also be a nice way for me to consider how much progress I'm making each month. I think it will also give you an idea of how much time a person can dedicate (while working 4 days a week in a kitchen).
<br>
<br>
I got the idea to create a page like this a little while back when I was just doing research on bootcamps. I started looking at the LinkedIn profiles of bootcamp grads from different camps. Eventually, I found Viking Code School and <a href="https://medium.freecodecamp.org/stephen-mayeux-shows-you-what-9-months-of-self-taught-coding-looks-like-50f4e6c3598f">this post</a> written by Stephen Mayeux which follows a certain pattern that I found on a bunch of other posts, including this <a href="https://sw-yx.github.io/2017/12/19/fcc-blogpost-draft-2">other one</a> which is incidentally the one that helped me put together this blog. The pattern is basically this: I tried to teach myself coding, learned a lot, but then realized I wasn't moving fast enough, and am now applying to a bootcamp to accelerate the process. I am now roughly following <a href="https://medium.com/@gbatra17/how-i-got-into-hack-reactor-summer-2017-aka-my-journey-to-join-a-coding-bootcamp-d2c698c36813">this guide<a/> by Garima Batra which I've found very useful in the process of getting <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFjTD8v7xuw">so good they can't ignore me</a> in order to apply to Hack Reactor as confidently as possible.
<br>
<br>
I'll maybe make a few more changes to this post as the year goes on so I'm going to drop it for now and just focus on putting together a nice summary for post number 1. But the point is this: I'm preparing to apply to Hack Reactor because it looks like the most competitive program out there, and I want to do my very best becoming a programmer. Even if I don't end up applying or getting in, I think the process will make me a much better coder for whatever I do next.
